Newunittestroad (#87)
buildingSMART/Sample-Test-Files: IFC 4.3/Road_1/readme.md

## Road_1

### Intent

Automatically generated IFC file from a corresponding test file in Civil 3D. 

> Converting the data given by the API of Civil into the IFC schema. Exports a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converting the data exctracted from a Civil3D project into an IFC model. Exports a
```

corridor containing two different crosssections. The road builds up on the alignment
corresponding to UT_Alignment_3.

Information for the pavement of the corridor:

Cross section 1:
	- width 2.00[m]
	- slope of the pavement -3,00 [%]
	
Cross section 2:
	- width 3.60 [m]
	- slope of the pavement -2.00 [%]

### Prerequisites

This scenario builds upon following other scenarios:
- Alignment_3

### Content

This scenario covers the following concepts and/or IFC entities:
- `IfcRoad` 

> - `IfcPavment`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IfcPavement`
```
